Simple Snapshot sample (#18)
AxonIQ/code-samples: snapshots/README.md

# Snapshot
In this demo we will show how to configure a Snapshot Trigger for a given Aggregate.

Eventually you will need to speed up the Event Sourcing part of your Aggregate because you already have too many events. That is when a Snapshot is desirable. Axon Framework helps you on that by simply configuring a `SnapshotTriggerDefinition` and instructing your `Aggregate` to use that.

> To do it, as said before, you have to configure one or more `SnapshotTriggerDefinition`. Axon Framework already provides some implementations but you are free to implement your own:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it, as said before, you have to configure one or more `SnapshotTriggerDefinition` instances. Axon Framework already provides some implementations, but you are free to implement your own:
```

1. [NoSnapshotTriggerDefinition](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/blob/master/eventsourcing/src/main/java/org/axonframework/eventsourcing/NoSnapshotTriggerDefinition.java): Implementation that doesn't trigger snapshots at all.
1. [EventCountSnapshotTriggerDefinition](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/blob/master/eventsourcing/src/main/java/org/axonframework/eventsourcing/EventCountSnapshotTriggerDefinition.java): Snapshotter trigger mechanism that counts the number of events to decide when to create a snapshot.
1. [AggregateLoadTimeSnapshotTriggerDefinition](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/blob/master/eventsourcing/src/main/java/org/axonframework/eventsourcing/AggregateLoadTimeSnapshotTriggerDefinition.java): A Snapshotter trigger mechanism which based on the loading time of an Aggregate decides when to trigger the creation of a snapshot.

> To make it available for the application to use, you can provide it as a `@Bean` like we did in this example [here](https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples/blob/master/snapshots/src/main/java/io/axoniq/dev/samples/Application.java).

Reviewer: To be honest I would anticipate a Spring and non-Spring configuration example of the `SnapshotTriggerDefinition` :-)

Author: Added to the README.

```
@Bean
public SnapshotTriggerDefinition mySnapshotTriggerDefinition(Snapshotter snapshotter) {
    return new EventCountSnapshotTriggerDefinition(snapshotter, 5);
}
```
and instruct your aggregate to use it like done [here](https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples/blob/master/snapshots/src/main/java/io/axoniq/dev/samples/command/MyEntityAggregate.java).
```
@Aggregate(snapshotTriggerDefinition = "mySnapshotTriggerDefinition")
public class MyEntityAggregate {
   // ...
}
```

> In this case, after every 5 events, a Snapshot will be created. You can check if it was created or not by looking at your logs for the following line:

Reviewer: Although 5 is a nice number for testing, it is not an ideal number of production environments. I would add a warning/pointer/note/etc here which states that "5 is fine for testing, but in real life you would likely use a threshold between 100 to 250. Important to note is that it will always depend on your Aggregate implementation, so measuring how long it takes to load an Aggregate and basing the count on that will end you up with the most optimal solution"

Author: Added,

# Snapshot
In this demo we will show how to define and configure a Snapshot Trigger for a given Aggregate.

> Eventually you will need to speed up the Event Sourcing part of your Aggregate because you already have too many events. That is when a Snapshot is desirable. Axon Framework helps you on that by simply configuring a `SnapshotTriggerDefinition` and instructing your `Aggregate` to use that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eventually you will need to speed up the Event Sourcing part of your Aggregate because the number of events exceeds your defined aggregate loading time. That is when a Snapshot is desirable. Axon Framework helps you on that by simply configuring a `SnapshotTriggerDefinition` and instructing your `Aggregate` to use that.
```
